Document that awareness attributes override custom preferences (#83818)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/search-your-data/search-shard-routing.asciidoc

----
// TEST[setup:my_index]

WARNING: If a node has <<shard-allocation-awareness,shard allocation awareness>>
attributes, then it will prefer shards with the same awareness attribute values.

> So even if a search specifies the same custom `preference` values, different
> coordinating nodes may route it differently because of their awareness
> attributes. You can disable routing based on awareness attributes entirely by
> enabling the `es.search.ignore_awareness_attributes` system property on every
> node in the cluster.

Reviewer: A couple of minor nits:

* I found the second sentence a little awkward. I tried to reword to fix.
* I added a link to our JVM options in the last sentence to point users to the best way to configure system properties.

```suggestion
Because of these attributes, different coordinating nodes may route same search
differently, even if the searches use the same custom `preference` values. To
disable routing based on awareness attributes, set the
`es.search.ignore_awareness_attributes` system property to `true` in the
<<set-jvm-options,JVM options>> of every node in the cluster.
```

Author: I like the new wording, thanks!
